---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "contabo_instance Data Source - terraform-provider-contabo-sdkv2"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Compute Management API allows you to manage compute resources (e.g. creation, deletion, starting, stopping) as well as managing snapshots and custom images. It also supports cloud-init https://cloud-init.io/ at least on our default images (for custom images you will need to provide cloud-init support packages). The API offers providing cloud-init scripts via the user_data field. Custom images must be provided in .qcow2 or .iso format.
---

# contabo_instance (Data Source)

The Compute Management API allows you to manage compute resources (e.g. creation, deletion, starting, stopping) as well as managing snapshots and custom images. It also supports [cloud-init](https://cloud-init.io/) at least on our default images (for custom images you will need to provide cloud-init support packages). The API offers providing cloud-init scripts via the user_data field. Custom images must be provided in .qcow2 or .iso format.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Configure your Contabo API credentials
provider "contabo" {
  oauth2_client_id     = "[your client id]"
  oauth2_client_secret = "[your client secret]"
  oauth2_user          = "[your username]"
  oauth2_pass          = "[your password]"
}

# Search for a specific instance by ID
data "contabo_instance" "test_instance" {
  id = "123455"
}

output "my_test_instance" {
  description = "my test instance"
  value = data.contabo_instance.test_instance
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The identifier of the compute instance. Use it to manage it!

### Optional

- `add_ons` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--add_ons))
- `cancel_date` (String) The date on which the instance will be cancelled.
- `default_user` (String) Default user name created for login during (re-)installation with administrative privileges. Allowed values for Linux/BSD are admin (use sudo to apply administrative privileges like root) or root. Allowed values for Windows are admin (has administrative privileges like administrator) or administrator.See our [api documentation](https://api.contabo.com/#tag/Instances/operation/createInstance) for available default users.
- `display_name` (String) Image Id is used to set up the compute instance. Ubuntu 20.04 is the default.
- `image_id` (String) Image Id is used to set up the compute instance. Ubuntu 20.04 is the default.
- `license` (String) Additional license in order to enhance your chosen product. It is mainly needed for software licenses on your product (not needed for windows). See our [api documentation](https://api.contabo.com/#tag/Instances/operation/createInstance) for all available licenses.
- `product_id` (String) Choose the VPS/VDS product you want to buy. See our products [here](https://api.contabo.com/#tag/Instances/operation/createInstance).
- `region` (String) Instance Region where the compute instance should be located. Default region is the EU. Following regions are available: `EU`,`US-central`,`US-east`,`US-west`,`SIN`.
- `ssh_keys` (List of Number) Array of `secretIds` of public SSH keys for logging into as defaultUser with administrator/root privileges. Applies to Linux/BSD systems. Please refer to Secrets Management API.
- `user_data` (String) Cloud-Init Config in order to customize during start of compute instance.

### Read-Only

- `additional_ips_v4` (List of Object) All other additional IP addresses of the instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--additional_ips_v4))
- `cpu_cores` (Number) CPU core count of the instance.
- `created_date` (String) The creation date of the compute instance.
- `disk_mb` (Number) Image disk size of the instance in megabyte.
- `error_message` (String) If the instance is in an error state (see status property), the error message can be seen in this field.
- `ip_config` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ip_config))
- `last_updated` (String) Time of the last update of the compute instance.
- `mac_address` (String) Mac address of the instance.
- `name` (String) Name of the compute instance.
- `os_type` (String) Type of operating system (OS) installed on the instance.
- `period` (Number) Initial contract period in months. Available periods are: 1, 3, 6 and 12 months. The default setting is 1 month.
- `product_type` (String) InsInstance's category depending on Product Id. Following product types are available: `hdd`,`ssd`,`vds`,`nvme`.
- `ram_mb` (Number) Image ram size in megabyte.
- `status` (String) Status of the compute instance. The status can be set to `provisioning`, `uninstalled`, `running`, `stopped`, `error`, `installing`, `unknown`, or `installed`.
- `v_host_id` (Number) Identifier of the host system.

<a id="nestedblock--add_ons"></a>
### Nested Schema for `add_ons`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Id of the Addon. Please refer to list [here](https://contabo.com/en/product-list/?show_ids=true).
- `quantity` (Number) The number of Addons you wish to aquire.


<a id="nestedatt--additional_ips_v4"></a>
### Nested Schema for `additional_ips_v4`

Read-Only:

- `gateway` (String)
- `ip` (String)
- `netmask_cidr` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--ip_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ip_config`

Read-Only:

- `v4` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--ip_config--v4))
- `v6` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--ip_config--v6))

<a id="nestedobjatt--ip_config--v4"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ip_config.v4`

Read-Only:

- `gateway` (String)
- `ip` (String)
- `netmask_cidr` (Number)


<a id="nestedobjatt--ip_config--v6"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ip_config.v6`

Read-Only:

- `gateway` (String)
- `ip` (String)
- `netmask_cidr` (Number)
