---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "contabo_private_network Data Source - terraform-provider-contabo-sdkv2"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a Contabo Private Network https://api.contabo.com/#tag/Private-Networks data source.  Private Networks can contain your compute instances whereby they are able to communicate with each other in full usolation, using private IP addresses
---

# contabo_private_network (Data Source)

Provides a Contabo [Private Network](https://api.contabo.com/#tag/Private-Networks) data source.  Private Networks can contain your compute instances whereby they are able to communicate with each other in full usolation, using private IP addresses



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The identifier of the Private Network. Use it to manage it!

### Optional

- `created_date` (String) The creation date of the Private Network.
- `description` (String) The description of the Private Network. There is a limit of 255 characters per Private Network.
- `instance_ids` (Set of Number) Add the instace Ids to the private network here. If you do not add any instance Ids an empty private network will be created.
- `name` (String) The name of the Private Network. It may contain letters, numbers, colons, dashes, and underscores. There is a limit of 255 characters per Private Network name.
- `region` (String) The region where the Private Network should be located. Default region is the EU.
- `region_name` (String) The name of the region where the Private Network is located.
- `updated_at` (String) Time of the last update of the private network.

### Read-Only

- `available_ips` (Number) The totality of available IPs in the Private Network.
- `cidr` (String) The cidr range of the Private Network.
- `data_center` (String) The specific data center where the Private Network is located.
- `instances` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instances))

<a id="nestedatt--instances"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instances`

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String)
- `error_message` (String)
- `instance_id` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `private_ip_config` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--instances--private_ip_config))
- `status` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--instances--private_ip_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instances.private_ip_config`

Read-Only:

- `v4` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--instances--private_ip_config--v4))

<a id="nestedobjatt--instances--private_ip_config--v4"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instances.private_ip_config.v4`

Read-Only:

- `gateway` (String)
- `ip` (String)
- `netmask_cidr` (Number)
