---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "contabo_firewall Data Source - terraform-provider-contabo-sdkv2"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# contabo_firewall (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the Firewall. It may contain letters, numbers, colons, dashes, and underscores. There is a limit of 255 characters per Firewall name.
- `status` (String) Status of the Firewall. It can be `active`, or `inactive`.

### Optional

- `created_date` (String) The creation date of the Firewall.
- `description` (String) The description of the Firewall. There is a limit of 255 characters per Firewall.
- `instance_ids` (Set of Number) Add the instace Ids to the firewall here. If you do not add any instance Ids an empty firewall will be created.
- `instances_status` (Block List) The status of every instance in the firewall (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--instances_status))
- `rules` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The identifier of the Firewall. Use it to manage it!

<a id="nestedblock--instances_status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instances_status`

Optional:

- `error_message` (String) Status of the instance.

Read-Only:

- `instance_id` (Number) The instance
- `status` (String) Status of the instance.


<a id="nestedblock--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Optional:

- `inbound` (Block List) Inbound rules for this Firewall (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--inbound))

<a id="nestedblock--rules--inbound"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.inbound`

Optional:

- `action` (String) Action of the rule, currently there is just `accept`.
- `dest_ports` (Set of String)
- `protocol` (String) Define the protocol for the rule. Allowed protocols are `tcp`, `udp` and `icmp`.
- `src_cidr` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--inbound--src_cidr))
- `status` (String) Status of the rule. It can be `active`, or `inactive`.

<a id="nestedblock--rules--inbound--src_cidr"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.inbound.src_cidr`

Optional:

- `ipv4` (Set of String) Provide allowed IPv4 addresses as string array for this rule
- `ipv6` (Set of String) Provide allowed IPv6 addresses as string array for this rule
