---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "contabo_image Data Source - terraform-provider-contabo-sdkv2"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  In order to provide a custom image, please specify an URL from which the image can be downloaded directly. A custom image must be in either .iso or .qcow2 format. Other formats will be rejected. Please note that downloading can take a while depending on network speed resp. bandwidth and size of image. You can check the status by retrieving information about the image via a GET request. Download will be rejected if you have exceeded your limits.
---

# contabo_image (Data Source)

In order to provide a custom image, please specify an URL from which the image can be downloaded directly. A custom image must be in either `.iso` or `.qcow2` format. Other formats will be rejected. Please note that downloading can take a while depending on network speed resp. bandwidth and size of image. You can check the status by retrieving information about the image via a GET request. Download will be rejected if you have exceeded your limits.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The identifier of the image. Use it to manage it!

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the image.

### Read-Only

- `creation_date` (String) The creation date of the image.
- `error_message` (String) If the image is in an error state (see status property), the error message can be seen in this field.
- `format` (String) Format of your image `iso` or `qcow`.
- `last_updated` (String) Time of the last update of the image.
- `name` (String) Name of the image.
- `os_type` (String) Provided type of operating system (OS). Please specify Windows for MS `Windows` and `Linux` for other OS. Specifying wrong OS type may lead to disfunctional cloud instance.
- `standard_image` (Boolean) Flag indicating that the image is either a standard (true) or a custom image (false).
- `status` (String) Downloading status of the image (`downloading`, `downloaded` or `error`).
- `uploaded_size_mb` (Number) The size of the uploaded image in megabyte.
- `version` (String) Version number to distinguish the contents of an image e.g. the version of the operating system.
